resources.md, before:

# Resources

This is where we keep resource links, could be articles we found worth discussion or exploring, or useful plug-in we may want to add to the project.

## Articles
- [How to Create an Effective WordPress Workflow for Developers](https://kinsta.com/blog/wordpress-workflow/)


## YouTube
- [How to Create Automated Workflows in WordPress](https://youtu.be/GOMrL7Fza48?t=889)
  - Focus on the 3rd section: **Website Maintenance Automation**, mentioned plug-ins are listed in below section [plug-ins](#plug-ins)
- [Do This BEFORE Updating Elementor | WordPress Staging Site](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dME5mT9nAw)
  - Creating staing website using WPvivid Backup
  - Other ways to create a staging site:
    - Just use backup plugin such as all-in-one migration to create backup file on live site, then upload to staging site
    - Create Lightsail snapshot on live instance, then create staging instance

## Plug-ins
- [Easy Update Manager](https://wordpress.org/plugins/stops-core-theme-and-plugin-updates/)
  - Helps to update plug-ins and themes
- [WP Rollback](https://wordpress.org/plugins/wp-rollback/)
  - Revert theme or plug-in back to previous version, in case of any conflict causes system crash
- [UpdraftPlus WordPress Backup Plugin](https://wordpress.org/plugins/updraftplus/)
  - Auto upload backup files to 3rd party cloud storage (check later see if free version meets our need)
- [WPvivid Backup](https://wordpress.org/plugins/wpvivid-backuprestore/)
  - Plugin for creating staging website
- [Backuply](https://wordpress.org/plugins/backuply/)
  - Plugin to create backups and help in restoration of the website
- [Speedycache](https://wordpress.org/plugins/speedycache/)
  - Plugin to reduce latency and load time on the website...

Commit message:

Add Smart Slider 3 to plugin list

resources.md, after:

# Resources

This is where we keep resource links, could be articles we found worth discussion or exploring, or useful plug-in we may want to add to the project.

## Articles
- [How to Create an Effective WordPress Workflow for Developers](https://kinsta.com/blog/wordpress-workflow/)


## YouTube
- [How to Create Automated Workflows in WordPress](https://youtu.be/GOMrL7Fza48?t=889)
  - Focus on the 3rd section: **Website Maintenance Automation**, mentioned plug-ins are listed in below section [plug-ins](#plug-ins)
- [Do This BEFORE Updating Elementor | WordPress Staging Site](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dME5mT9nAw)
  - Creating staing website using WPvivid Backup
  - Other ways to create a staging site:
    - Just use backup plugin such as all-in-one migration to create backup file on live site, then upload to staging site
    - Create Lightsail snapshot on live instance, then create staging instance

## Plug-ins
- [Easy Update Manager](https://wordpress.org/plugins/stops-core-theme-and-plugin-updates/)
  - Helps to update plug-ins and themes
- [WP Rollback](https://wordpress.org/plugins/wp-rollback/)
  - Revert theme or plug-in back to previous version, in case of any conflict causes system crash
- [UpdraftPlus WordPress Backup Plugin](https://wordpress.org/plugins/updraftplus/)
  - Auto upload backup files to 3rd party cloud storage (check later see if free version meets our need)
- [WPvivid Backup](https://wordpress.org/plugins/wpvivid-backuprestore/)
  - Plugin for creating staging website
- [Backuply](https://wordpress.org/plugins/backuply/)
  - Plugin to create backups and help in restoration of the website
- [Speedycache](https://wordpress.org/plugins/speedycache/)
  - Plugin to reduce latency and load time on the website.
- [Smart Slider 3](https://wordpress.org/plugins/smart-slider-3/)
  - Allows for the easy and intuitive method to create and add sliders to the site.
